to
asked where is the matrix to not
have plan that could be used another
time
the both dirty can be reused and
so he asked me, I started
investigate and discover that water
if you can start to use it again
hi friends i 'm il and today at the minute
accompany me to know how to
invest if we are going to clean the water to
conserve effort cleans dirty water
to use it in their factories that water that
it is not clean it is known as waters
Black is full of all our
waste between the water of the true
of the crusaders in the kitchen in short is
the water that goes away we're all going to
stay
the first step is to mount the water that
we use in the city in large pools
totally squares
better pass some equipment where someone
he had full of holes in there he takes off
trash like martínez and plastic these
teams are like a big queue in the
next step signs that support this
full glass of which we are selective that
we can only see them through the microscope
They know who we are, of course I'm talking
of microorganisms is about
hungry microorganisms that live in
a very special way and they feed on the
rest of food that water and our
organism
when the water reaches the circular tank
they call it clarifier we do not
answer
week the point and the water that remains
above
and special products if they are already fixed
that come clarita and when they leave
these special filters already last
the water is hidden by a channel where
there are ultraviolet light lamps
This light helps us
microorganisms that could remain
still no longer reproduce as it happened
all this process we have treated water
it's an urban and for many things
the water that cleans
to drinking water
people
and depending on how you can
like the lady
how